Student Ratings for Li Zhang: 

"Zhang is a pretty strict professor.  Only take him if you have a dying love of recursion!"

"Zhang expects too much out of his students in 341 when the material that he provides to prepare for quizzes isn't sufficient enough. You lose your concentration, you spiral out of the class. He seems really polite but he tends to talk about how half of the class gets the stuff and how half of the class does not. Class' motive is mainly driven by recursion in a language called SML which barely has any resources on the internet. If you don't have friends in the class, you are in a no man's land if you need something. Overall, if you want to learn Recursion through SML (which is not really important), then take Zhang, else take Manny (341)."

"is a pretty unique professor. On one hand what he teaches isn't very practical in terms of languages and practice problems, on the other you learn skills in recursion and problem setup that you don't learn in other classes.  He is very enthusiastic and chaotic, and sometimes unhelpful with questions but if you want to learn to be a recursive programmer he is your guy."

"Zhangy is the type of professor you really have to adjust to. He often meanders during lectures, and complains a lot about Canvas/other technology during online classes (expect to hear \"Ahhh, come on....\" and \"Gahhhh, so dumb\" during lecture.) Often teaches languages that don't have much real world use, though you do pick up concepts that might prove useful later. His grading is also very unpredictable, depending on the class and assignment. Recently he has been a little more strict due to cheating paranoia (which you can't *entirely* blame him for), but otherwise I think he's generally a more generous grader than not. He knows the stuff he teaches is not a walk in the park to learn, so he'll usually grade you well if he sees you've made an effort, even if your final answer is wrong. Beyond that, he's a very lively guy and a passionate teacher, and honestly he often cracks me up a lot, but he can also be extremely rude directly to people's faces. Recently, he called some of my classmates stupid directly to their faces, and has been spending class time chewing most of us out for not scoring high enough on a quiz. Don't expect the guy to hold your hand throughout your studies."

"Zhangy is the type of professor you really have to adjust to. He often meanders during lectures, and complains a lot about Canvas/other technology during online classes (expect to hear \"Ahhh, come on....\" and \"Gahhhh, so dumb\" during lecture.) Often teaches languages that don't have much real world use, though you do pick up concepts that might prove useful later. His grading is also very unpredictable, depending on the class and assignment. Recently he has been a little more strict due to cheating paranoia (which you can't entirely blame him for), but otherwise I think he's generally a more generous grader than not. He knows the stuff he teaches is not a walk in the park to learn, so he'll usually grade you well if he sees you've made an effort, even if your final answer is wrong. Beyond that, he's a very lively guy and a passionate teacher, and honestly he often cracks me up a lot, but he can also be extremely rude directly to people's faces. Recently, he called some of my classmates stupid directly to their faces, and has been spending class time chewing most of us out for not scoring high enough on a quiz. Don't expect the guy to hold your hand throughout your studies."